TO DO:
    1)  Add tools, weapons (not including bows), and armor for all tiers of dragon
    2)  Add crafting recipes to make a specific Tiered Dragon Spawn Egg
    3)  Add new blocks
    4)  Add new enchantments
    5)  Add custom villagers
    6)  Add custom mobs (non-boss mobs)
    7)  Add new dimension
    8)  Add boss mobs (All dragons and some others)
    9)  Add ores for new tools and weapons
    10) Add new structures
    11) Add custom loot
    12) Add new interactive blocks like the brewing stand called "Filterer", etc.
    13) Add custom fluids

Temp:
    1)  Add textures for all weapons and tools

Dragons:
    1) Base MC dragon has a VERY small chance of dropping the shards and drops a minumum of 5 null dragon fragments, with a
       bonus of up to 5
    2) Lime Dragon has a lot of speed, and you need a new enchant called Dragon Tracer to hit it properly. Drops a minimum of 10
       lime dragon shards, with a bonus of up to 4
    3) Gold Dragon has a lot of health. Drops a minimum of 10 gold dragon shards, with a bonus of up to 4
    4) Gray Dragon has a lot of defence. Needs a new enchantment called armor piercer to do good damage. Drops a minimum of 10
       gray dragon shards, with a bonus of up to 4
    5) Blue Dragon has slightly boosted health and speed. Has a rare chance to drop a Selected Enchantment Table. Drops a
       minimum of 10 blue dragon shards, with a bonus of up to 4
    6) Purple Dragon has a new fireball and lightning ability, and boosted speed. Drops a minimum of 10 purple dragon shards,
       with a bonus of up to 4
    7) Red Dragon has a charge attack and has increased damage and also has the same fireball and lightning attack as the
       Purple Dragon. Drops a minimum of 10 purple dragon shards, with a bonus of up to 4
    8) Orange Dragon has the abilities of all the previous dragons, just toned down. Drops a minimum of 10 orange dragon
       shards, with a bonus of up to 4

Speciality for armor and tools:
    Gray Tools: Enchanted with Reinforcement (Boosts durability)
    Blue Tools: Highest enchantability, can be enchanted with every enchantment available to other tools
    Purple Tools: Boosted efficiency stat and can be enchanted with Thundering
    Red Tools: Highest attack damage, but lower speed, moderate durability
    Orange Tools: Mix of every tool in the game, no weaknesses

    Lime Armor: Permanent Speed boost, mild health boost
    Gold Armor: Permanent Slowness debuff, extreme health boost
    Gray Armor: No buff or debuff, extreme armor boost
    Blue Armor: gives mild speed, night vision, health boost, and water breathing, but also gives mild hunger
    Purple Armor: Decent Speed Boost, night vision, decent health boost, and access to special enchants like boost
    Red Armor: Extreme strength boost, slight slowness, and mild resistance
    Orange Armor: Decent Speed, Health, Armor, Resistance, and Strength boost. No weaknesses and also can use any enchantment available to the previous armors.